# 3.6 Rawlsian Veil of Ignorance

**John Rawls —— Veil of Ignorance**

how a person would want to organize society if the person were placed in the original position.

- behind the veil of ignorance, this person would not know his class position, or social status in his society；
- not know his fortune in the distribution of natural assets and abilities, his intelligence, and strength,

Rawls：behind the veil of ignorance, people would agree to a **much more egalitarian distribution of wealth**. 

- those in the original position would all prefer a Maximin strategy, which would maximize the prospects of the least well-off person in society. 
- inequalities in the distribution of goods, only if those inequalities benefit the worst-off members of society.



***Required Reading***

- Samuel Freeman, *Original Position*, Stan. Encyclopedia Philosophy (Sept. 9 2014), [*http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/original-position/#VeiIgn*](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/original-position/#VeiIgn) (please read §§ 1-3).

***Suggested Reading***

- John Rawls, A Theory of Justice, 102-60 (rev. ed. 1999) [[Link to PDF](http://www.univpgri-palembang.ac.id/perpus-fkip/Perpustakaan/American Phylosophy/John Rawls - A Theory of Justice~ Revised Edition.pdf)]
- Claudia Goldin & Cecelia Rouse, *Orchestrating Impartiality: The Impact of “Blind” Auditions on Female Musicians*, 90 Am. Econ. Rev. 715 (2000) [[Link to PDF](http://pubs.aeaweb.org/doi/pdfplus/10.1257/aer.90.4.715)]
- Adrian Vermeule, *Veil of Ignorance Rules in Constitutional Law*, 111 Yale. L. J. 399 (2001) [[Link to PDF](http://www.yalelawjournal.org/pdf/401_gdga52hy.pdf)]



# 4.3 Enforcing Monetary Judgments and Security Interests（执行与担保）

1. judgements are not orders to pay（a judgement in most jurisdictions does not ordered the defendant to pay a particular sum）

2. giving security interest in your property, gives many of your due process rights

3. a judgement or security interest holder cannot profit from levying (because surplus proceeds are returned to the defendant)

   

### The levying process

1. The basic objectives are to allow the victorious plaintiff to <u>first obtain possession of defendants assets by legally seizing the assets by attachment, by levy, or by garnishment.</u> 

2. conduct a public sale of any nonmonetary assets seized. The proceeds of which are used to satisfy the judgement. 
3. If the proceeds from the sale exceed the amount of the judgment any excess is paid back to the defendant.
4. Both the seizure and the sale are often undertaken or supervised by representatives of the state. For example, by off duty sheriffs.



## Perfect a security interest

A security interest is an interest in public property which secures payment or performance of an obligation.  ——UCC 1-201B35.

The written agreement creating the security interest, called the **security agreement,** is often accompanied by a negotiable promissory note that evidences the debtor's obligation to pay.

A creditor takes a security interest in particular pieces of property, not in the debtor's entire estate.

***Required Reading***

- *Williams v. Walker-Thomas Furniture Co.* [*Walker-Thomas I*], 198 A.2d 914, 915 (D.C. 1964) 
- *Williams v. Walker-Thomas Furniture Co.* [*Walker-Thomas II*], 350 F.2d 445, 447 (D.C. Cir. 1965) 

